Docs: sink seq operator examples (#28616)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/Sink/seq.md

which completes when the stream completes. Note that the collection is bounded to @scala[`Int.MaxValue`] @java[`Integer.MAX_VALUE`],
if more element are emitted the sink will cancel the stream

## Example

> Given a stream of numbers we can collect the numbers into a collection with the `seq` operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a stream of numbers, we can collect the numbers into @scala[an `immutable.Seq`]@java[`a `java.util.List`] with the `seq` operator.
```
